[18.0][MIG] document_page_quality_manual: Migration to 18.0 (#608)
OCA/management-system: document_page_quality_manual/readme/USAGE.md

> To enter your quality manual, you need to:
> 
> - go to Knowledge \> Pages \> Pages
> - Create a new page and select the Quality Manual category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enter your quality manual:

- Go to Management Systems \> Documentation \> Manuals
- Create a new page
- Enter a title
- Select the Quality Manual category
- Fill in the content
```
